Feat: overrides-exporter add new metrics (#5376)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: skip verifying index header integrity upon loading. To enable verification set `blocks_storage.bucket_store.index_header.verify_on_load: true`.
* [CHANGE] Querier: change the default value of the experimental `-querier.streaming-chunks-per-ingester-buffer-size` flag to 256. #5203
* [CHANGE] Querier: only initiate query requests to ingesters in the `ACTIVE` state in the ring. #5342

> * [FEATURE] Overrides-exporter: Add new metrics for write path and alertmanager.

Reviewer: I'd say this is enhancement of existing feature, not a new feature.

We should add PR number `#5376` to the end of line, and we should also list new metric names. We need to mention that to activate these metrics, newly introduced option `-overrides-exporter.enabled-metrics` must explicitly list them.

  * `-ingester.read-path-memory-utilization-limit`
* [FEATURE] Ruler: Support filtering results from rule status endpoint by `file`, `rule_group` and `rule_name`. #5291
* [FEATURE] Ingester: add experimental support for creating tokens by using spread minimizing strategy. This can be enabled with `-ingester.ring.token-generation-strategy: spread-minimizing` and `-ingester.ring.spread-minimizing-zones: <all available zones>`. In that case `-ingester.ring.tokens-file-path` must be empty. #5308 #5324

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Overrides-exporter: Add new metrics for write path and alertmanager (max_global_metadata_per_user, max_global_metadata_per_metric, request_rate, request_burst_size, alertmanager_notification_rate_limit, alertmanager_max_dispatcher_aggregation_groups, alertmanager_max_alerts_count, alertmanager_max_alerts_size_bytes) and added flag `-overrides-exporter.enabled-metrics` to explicitly include desired metrics, eg `-overrides-exporter.enabled-metrics request_rate,ingestion_rate` #5376

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Overrides-exporter: Add new metrics for write path and alertmanager (`max_global_metadata_per_user`, `max_global_metadata_per_metric`, `request_rate`, `request_burst_size`, `alertmanager_notification_rate_limit`, `alertmanager_max_dispatcher_aggregation_groups`, `alertmanager_max_alerts_count`, `alertmanager_max_alerts_size_bytes`) and added flag `-overrides-exporter.enabled-metrics` to explicitly configure desired metrics, e.g. `-overrides-exporter.enabled-metrics=request_rate,ingestion_rate`. Default value for this flag is: `ingestion_rate,ingestion_burst_size,max_global_series_per_user,max_global_series_per_metric,max_global_exemplars_per_user,max_fetched_chunks_per_query,max_fetched_series_per_query,ruler_max_rules_per_rule_group,ruler_max_rule_groups_per_tenant`. #5376
```
